Upgrade Cilium to v1.14 (#71)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-networking: docs/releases/v1.15.0.md

| `calico`          | [`v3.26.1`](https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/archive/v3.26/release-notes/)   | `v3.25.0`        |
| `cilium`          | [`v1.14.3`](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/releases/tag/v1.14.3)               | `v1.13.1`        |
| `ip-masq`         | [`v2.8.0`](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/ip-masq-agent/releases/tag/v2.5.0) | No update        |
| `tigera-operator` | [`v1.30.4`](https://github.com/tigera/operator/releases/tag/v1.30.4)             | `v1.29.0`        |

> Please refer the individual release notes to get detailed information on each release.

## Update Guide 🦮

### Process

If you are using Cilium, read the steps [below](#cilium-upgrade) before proceeding.

1. Just deploy as usual:

```bash
kustomize build katalog/calico | kubectl apply -f -
# OR
kustomize build katalog/tigera/on-prem | kubectl apply -f -
# OR
kustomize build katalog/cilium | kubectl apply -f -
```

#### Cilium upgrade
Cilium suggested path expect a pre-flight check to be run before any upgrade.

1. Create the resources for the check
```bash
kubectl create -f katalog/cilium/tasks/preflight.yaml
```

> 2. Ensure that the number of READY pods is the same number of Cilium pods running.

Reviewer: "Make sure that the number of READY pods is the same as the number of RUNNING Cilium pods."

Author: ```suggestion
2. Make sure that the number of READY pods is the same as the number of RUNNING Cilium pods.
```
